Add Mini Apps series (#3938)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/mini-apps/mini-app-open-source-projects/index.md

  </figcaption>
</figure>

## kbone-ui

The [kbone-ui](https://wechat-miniprogram.github.io/kbone/docs/ui/intro/) project
([open source on GitHub](https://github.com/wechat-miniprogram/kbone-ui)) is a UI framework that
facilitates both mini app development as well as Vue.js development with kbone. The kbone-ui
components emulate the look and feel of
[WeChat's "native" mini app components](https://developers.weixin.qq.com/miniprogram/dev/component/)
(also see [Components](/mini-app-components/) above). A
[demo](https://wechat-miniprogram.github.io/kboneui/ui/#/) that runs directly in the browser lets
you explore the available components.

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="kbone-ui.png" alt="Demo of the kbone-ui framework showing form-related components like radio buttons, switches, inputs, and labels." width="320">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   The kbone-ui demo showing form-related components.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## WeUI

[WeUI](https://github.com/Tencent/weui) is a set of basic style libraries consistent with WeChat's
native visual experience. The official WeChat design team has tailored designs for WeChat internal

> web pages and WeChat mini apps to make users' perception of use more uniform. Including components

Author: ```suggestion
web pages and WeChat mini apps to make users' perception of use more uniform. It includes components
```

> such as `button`, `cell`, `dialog`, `progress`, `toast`, `article`, `actionsheet`, and `icon`. There

Author: It should stand on its own. Rephrased.

mini app and a web app. The overhead of the mini app is significant, purely judging from the DOM
structure.

```js
import { h, Component } from "preact";
import "./index.css";

class Counter extends Component {
  state = { count: 1 };

  sub = () => {
    this.setState((prevState) => {
      return { count: --prevState.count };
    });
  };

  add = () => {
    this.setState((prevState) => {
      return { count: ++prevState.count };
    });
  };

  clickHandle = () => {
    if ("undefined" != typeof wx && wx.getSystemInfoSync) {
      wx.navigateTo({
        url: "../log/index?id=1",
      });
    } else {
      location.href = "log.html";
    }
  };

  render({}, { count }) {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.sub}>-</button>
        <span>{count}</span>
        <button onClick={this.add}>+</button>
        <div onClick={this.clickHandle}>跳转</div>
      </div>
    );
  }
}

export default Counter;
```

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="preact-wechat.png" alt="The Preact kbone template demo app opened in WeChat DevTools. Inspecting the DOM structure shows a significant overhead compared to the web app.">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">

>    The Preact kbone template demo app opened in WeChat DevTools. Note the complex DOM structure and how the plus and minus buttons are actually not <code>&lt;button&gt;</code> elements.

Reviewer: Makes me wonder about accessibility. Could be a good topic for a future update.

Author: Just like with Flutter :-)

  </figcaption>
</figure>

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="preact-web.png" alt="The Preact kbone template demo app opened in the web browser. Inspecting the DOM structure shows the to-be-expected markup based on the Preact component code.">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   The Preact kbone template demo app opened in the web browser. Note the DOM structure.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## kbone-ui

The [kbone-ui](https://wechat-miniprogram.github.io/kbone/docs/ui/intro/) project
([open source on GitHub](https://github.com/wechat-miniprogram/kbone-ui)) is a UI framework that
facilitates both mini app development as well as Vue.js development with kbone. The kbone-ui
components emulate the look and feel of

> [WeChat's "native" mini app components](https://developers.weixin.qq.com/miniprogram/dev/component/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WeChat's default mini app components](https://developers.weixin.qq.com/miniprogram/dev/component/)
```
Doesn't seem necessary to use. I checked the link and they're not using the word "native"

Author: Absolutely.

(also see [Components](/mini-app-components/) above). A
[demo](https://wechat-miniprogram.github.io/kboneui/ui/#/) that runs directly in the browser lets
you explore the available components.

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="kbone-ui.png" alt="Demo of the kbone-ui framework showing form-related components like radio buttons, switches, inputs, and labels." width="320">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   The kbone-ui demo showing form-related components.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## WeUI

[WeUI](https://github.com/Tencent/weui) is a set of basic style libraries consistent with WeChat's

> native visual experience. The official WeChat design team has tailored designs for WeChat internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default visual experience. The official WeChat design team has tailored designs for WeChat internal
```

web pages and WeChat mini apps to make users' perception of use more uniform. It includes components
such as `button`, `cell`, `dialog`, `progress`, `toast`, `article`, `actionsheet`, and `icon`. There
are different versions of WeUI available like [weui-wxss](https://github.com/Tencent/weui-wxss/) for
WeChat mini apps styled with WXSS (see [Styling](/mini-app-markup-styling-and-scripting/#styling) above),
[weui.js](https://github.com/weui/weui.js/) for web apps, and
[react-weui](https://github.com/weui/react-weui/) for WeChat React components.

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="weui.png" alt="Demo of the WeUI framework showing form-related components, namely switches." width="450">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   The WeUI demo app showing switches.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## Omi

> [Omi](https://tencent.github.io/omi/) is a self-proclaimed front-end cross-frameworks framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Omi](https://tencent.github.io/omi/) is a self-proclaimed frontend cross-frameworks framework
```

([open source on GitHub](https://github.com/Tencent/omi). It merges Web Components, JSX, Virtual
DOM, functional style, observer or Proxy into one framework with tiny size and high performance. Its
aim is to let developers write components once and use them everywhere, such as Omi, React, Preact,

> Vue.js, or Angular. Writing Omi components is very intuitive and free of almost all boilerplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vue.js, or Angular. I personally found writing Omi components is very intuitive and
free of almost all boilerplate.
```
Because this is subjective I would like to emphasize that this is your personal opinion

Author: Good point!

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.sub}>-</button>
        <span>{this.data.count}</span>
        <button onClick={this.add}>+</button>
      </div>
    );
  }
});

render(<my-counter />, "body");
```

## Omiu

[Omiu](https://tencent.github.io/omi/components/docs/) is a cross framework UI component library
([open source on GitHub](https://github.com/Tencent/omi#omiu)) developed based on Omi, which outputs
custom elements of standard web components.

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="omiu.png" alt="Demo of the Omiu framework showing form-related components, namely switches.">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   The Omiu demo app showing switches.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## WePY

[WePY](https://wepyjs.github.io/wepy-docs/) is a framework that allows mini apps to support
componentized development. Through pre-compilation, developers can choose their favorite development
style to develop mini apps. The detailed optimization of the framework and the introduction of
Promises and async functions all make the development of mini app projects easier and more
efficient. At the same time, WePY is also a growing framework, which has largely absorbed some

> optimized front-end tools and framework design concepts and ideas, mostly from Vue.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimized frontend tools and framework design concepts and ideas, mostly from Vue.js.
```

```html
<style lang="less">
  @color: #4d926f;
  .num {
    color: @color;
  }
</style>

<template>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="num" @tap="num++">{% raw %}{{num}}{% endraw %}</div>
    <custom-component></custom-component>
    <vendor-component></vendor-component>
    <div>{% raw %}{{text}}{% endraw %}</div>
    <input v-model="text" />
  </div>
</template>

<config>
  { usingComponents: { customComponent: '@/components/customComponent', vendorComponent:
  'module:vendorComponent' } }
</config>

<script>
  import wepy from "@wepy/core";

  wepy.page({
    data: {
      num: 0,
      text: "Hello World",
    },
  });
</script>
```

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="wepy.png" alt="WePY 'getting started' documentation page showing the first steps to get going.">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   WePY "getting started" documentation.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## vConsole

The [vConsole](https://github.com/Tencent/vConsole) project provides a lightweight, extendable

> front-end developer tool for mobile web pages. It offers a DevTools-like debugger that can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frontend developer tool for mobile web pages. It offers a DevTools-like debugger that can be
```

injected directly into web apps and mini apps. A
[demo](http://wechatfe.github.io/vconsole/demo.html) showcases the opportunities. The vConsole
includes tabs for logs, system, network, elements, and storage.

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="vconsole.png" alt="vConsole demo app. The vConsole opens at the bottom and has tabs for logs, system, network, elements, and storage.">
  <figcaption class="w-figure">
   vConsole demo app showing the elements explorer.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## weweb

The [weweb](https://weidian-inc.github.io/hera/#/) project

> ([open source on GitHub](https://github.com/wdfe/weweb)) is the underlying front-end framework of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
([open source on GitHub](https://github.com/wdfe/weweb)) is the underlying frontend framework of
```
